Update documentation about error context (#27798)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/advanced_configuration.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Error context

### Attaching local error context with dd_context

> When capturing errors, additional context may be needed at the time an error is created. Instead of passing extra context through the `addError()` API, you can attach a `dd_context` property directly to the error instance. The RUM Browser SDK automatically detects this property and merges it into the final error event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When capturing errors, additional context may be needed at the time an error is generated. Instead of passing extra information through the `addError()` API, you can attach a `dd_context` property directly to the error instance. The RUM Browser SDK automatically detects this property and merges it into the final error event.
```

Author: Thanks ! I will update this

> When capturing errors, additional context may be needed at the time an error is generated. Instead of passing extra information through the `addError()` API, you can attach a `dd_context` property directly to the error instance. The RUM Browser SDK automatically detects this property and merges it into the final error event.

Reviewer 2: **💬 suggestion:** ‏
```suggestion
When capturing errors, additional context may be provided at the time an error is generated. Instead of passing extra information through the `addError()` API, you can attach a `dd_context` property directly to the error instance. The RUM Browser SDK automatically detects this property and merges it into the final error event context.
```
